You’ll feel at home in our neighborhood
23 Oversized Rooms
2 Executive Suites
Rooftop Café
Coﬀee Bar
Business Center
Fitness Center
Facilities
Free Wireless Internet
Luxurious Bedding
Daily Maid Service
Laundry & Dry 
Cleaning Service
Daily Paper
Concierge Service
Express Checkout
24-hour Security
Amenities
Each Landon Hotel reﬂects the 
color, ﬂavor, and personality of 
the local neighborhood, giving 
visitors an authentic travel 
experience that honors the 
history and culture of the region.
The original Landon still perseveres 
after over 50 years, although it has 
since had a facelift to improve 
infrastructure. The West End 
Landon is in a neighborhood that 
has something for everyone - from 
theater to dining to historic sights. 
That said, the Landon is far from 
being solely a tourist’s hotel. 
The community doesn’t just ebb 
and ﬂow around the hotel - the 
community pours into the hotel, 
making the West End Landon an 
important venue for community 
activities and meetings. And the 
not-to-miss rooftop cafe is a great 
place for travelers and locals to 
engage over drinks, food, and good 
conversation.
The Landon that started it all!
With 400 neighborhoods in 20 
countries, we go out of our way 
to make you feel at home.
Founded in 1952 by Arthur Landon, an English businessman 
who travelled the world in search of the perfect balance of 
comfort, personality, and convenience. 
THE LANDON HOTEL
WEST END LONDON
123 Oxford Street
London W1S 2YF England
PHONE 020 1234 5555
FAX 020 1234 5556
EMAIL info@landonhotel.com
WEBSITE www.landonhotel.com
Leicester Square
Covent Garden
Royal Opera House
40+ Theatres
Oxford Street
Regent Street
Bond Street
Local Sights
West End London
Whether you’re a theater enthusiast, enjoy epic shopping, or love to stroll and people watch, you’ll ﬁnd  
London’s West End has an endless opportunity to partake in all these activities. The West End is the 
heart of  London’s “Theaterland” and oﬀers the best in drama, comedy, and musical productions. There 
are over 40 theaters in the West End, and staying at the West End Landon will put you front and center 
to them all.
When not attending a show, you can wander through miles and miles of the best shopping in the world, 
including Oxford, Regent, and Bond Streets. Feast your eyes on the endless choices of global brands 
and locally-sources goods that abound in the upscale department stores, hip boutiques, and unique 
crafter stalls in the West End.   
Then, at the end of the day, treat yourself to a relaxing and luxurious evening at the West End Landon. 
Enjoy a ﬁve-star meal, overlooking the city, at the Landon Rooftop Cafe, followed by a soak in your 
room’s private jacuzzi tub. Then top oﬀ the day with a comfortable and restful slumber that will have you 
ready for another day of exploring the many sights around the West End.
See and be seen in the West End
123 Oxford Street London W1S 2YF England  •  PHONE 020 1234 5555  •  FAX 020 1234 5556  •  www.landonhotel.com
